(bright music)
(whooshing)
(clickety clack clack click)
Alright, so for our third and final challenge
for this section, I want you to use radix sort
to sort the strings you see on the slide.
So, the strings BCDEF, DBAQC, ABCDE, OMADD, and BBBBB.
Now, I've deliberately put all the values into lower case
so don't worry about upper casing
and lower casing the values, of course,
normally if you're sorting strings, you'd wanna upper case
all the strings or lower case all of them.
If you were doing a case insensitive sort
but I want us to just focus on the implementation
of the radix sort here so I've put all the strings
in lower case so you don't have to worry about doing that.
You can start with the project in the resources section.
This time the only thing that's in there
is the array I want you to sort
and the code for printing the array.
I'll let you figure out what you have to copy over
from the radix sort.
So, sort those strings using the radix sort.
Good luck and I'll see you in the solution video.